NARRATOR: Previously on Supernatural:
MARY: Sammy.
Take your brother outside
as fast as you can. Now, Dean. Go!
-Dad's on a hunting trip.
-Ah!
And he hasn't been home
in a few days.
-I swore I was done hunting.
-I can't do this alone.
No! Jess!
I think Dad wants us to pick up
where he left off.
You know, saving people,
hunting things.
No. I gotta find Jessica's killer.
Okay. What do you think?
-Um--
-Oh, God. Too Martha Stewart?
Here. Wear this.
Um....
I don't know if this is really me.
Lori, there's a hot chick
buried somewhere in there--
Okay, okay.
So?
Damn, girl, he's not gonna
know what hit him.
Okay. I think
he's probably downstairs.
-I'll see you later.
-Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
There's nothing you wouldn't do.
It's true.
LORI:
I thought we were going to the party.
RICH:
Well, we can't arrive on time.
If I didn't know any better, I'd think
you brought me here on purpose.
What? I'm offended.
Yeah, I'm sure.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
You wanna get that?
Definitely not.
No.
It's okay.
Hey, I mean it.
-What was that?
-I don't know.
(METAL CREAKING)
What is that?
-No. Rich, no.
-No, just wait here.
-What the hell?
-Rich, let's go.
Ah!
Rich?
Rich.
Rich, where are you?
(METAL RIPPING)
(SCREAMING)
Okay. Okay.
Ah!
All right. Thank you for your time.
Your half-caf double vanilla latte
is getting cold over here, Frances.
Bite me.
So anything?
I had them check the FBI's
missing-persons data bank.
No John Does
fitting Dad's description.
I even ran his plates
for traffic violations.
Sam, I'm telling you,
I don't think Dad wants to be found.
Check this out.
It's a news item out of
Plains Courier, Ankeny, Iowa.
It's about 100 miles from here.
"The mutilated body was found near the
victim's car parked on Nine-Mile Road."
Keep reading.
"Authorities are unable to provide
a realistic description of the killer.
The sole eyewitness,
whose name has been withheld...
...says the attacker was invisible."
-Could be something interesting.
-Or nothing.
A witness who didn't see anything
doesn't mean it's the Invisible Man.
But what if it is?
Dad would check it out.
-One more time, why are we here?
-Victim lived here.
Nice wheels.
We're your fraternity brothers.
From Ohio.
We're new in town. Transfers.
Looking for a place to stay.
-Who are you?
-We're your new roommates.
Then do me a favor, get my back.
Big game today.
He's the artist.
The things he can do with a brush....
So, Murph...
-...is it true?
-What?
We heard one of the guys
around here got killed last week.
-Yeah.
-What happened?
They're saying some psycho with
a knife. Maybe a drifter passing through.
Rich was a good guy.
-Rich was with somebody?
-Not just somebody.
Lori Sorenson.
Who's Lori Sorenson?
You missed a spot.
Just down there in the back.
Lori's a freshman. She's a local.
Super hot.
And get this,
she's a reverend's daughter.
You wouldn't happen to know
which church, would you?
REVEREND:
Our hearts go out to the family...
...of a young man who perished.
And my personal prayers of thanks go
out as well...
...because I believe he died
trying to protect my daughter.
And now,
as time heals all our wounds...
...we should reflect
on what this tragedy means...
...to us as a church...
(DOOR SLAMS)
...as a community...
...and as a family.
The loss of a young person
is particularly tragic.
A life unlived is the saddest
of passings.
So please, let us pray.
For peace...
...for guidance...
...and for the power
to protect our children.
LORI: I can't. It's Sunday night.
TAYLOR: It's just us girls.
We're gonna do tequila shots
and watch Reality Bites.
My dad makes dinner
every Sunday night.
Come on, Lori.
I know this has been hard...
-...but you are allowed to have fun.
-I'll try.
Okay.
You better.
-Are you Lori?
-Yeah.
My name is Sam.
This is my brother, Dean.
-Hi.
-We just transferred to the university.
I saw you inside.
We don't wanna bother you.
We just heard about what happened.
-We wanted to say how sorry we were.
-I know what you're going through.
I saw someone get hurt once.
It's something you don't forget.
Dad, this is Sam and Dean.
They're new students.
It's a pleasure to meet you, sir. I must
say, that was an inspiring sermon.
Thank you very much.
It's so nice to find young people
who are open to the Lord's message.
Listen, we're new in town, actually...
...and we're looking
for a church group.
Tell me, Lori,
what are the police saying?
Well, they don't have a lot to go on.
I think they blame me for that.
What do you mean?
My story.
I was so scared,
I guess I was seeing things.
That doesn't mean it wasn't real.
DEAN: So you believe her?
SAM: I do.
-Yeah, I think she's hot too.
-No, man, there's something in her eyes.
And listen to this,
she heard scratching on the roof.
Found the bloody body
suspended upside down over the car.
Bloody body suspended, sounds like--
I know. The Hook Man Legend.
It's famous. You don't think
we're dealing with the Hook Man?
Every urban legend has a source.
A place where it all began.
What about the phantom scratches,
tire punctures and the invisible killer?
Maybe the Hook Man isn't a man at all.
What if it's some kind of spirit?
Here you go.
Arrest records going back to 1851.
-Thanks.
-Okay.
So this is how you spent
four good years of your life, huh?
Welcome to higher education.
Hey, check this out.
1862, a preacher named Jacob Carnes
was arrested for murder.
He was so angry over
the red-light district in town...
...that one night
he killed 13 prostitutes.
"Some of the deceased
were found in their beds...
...sheets soaked with blood, others
suspended upside down from trees...
...as a warning against
sins of the flesh."
Get this. The murder weapon?
The preacher lost his hand in an accident.
Had it replaced with a silver hook.
Look where all this happened.
-Nine-Mile Road.
-Where the frat boy was killed.
Nice job, Dr. Venkman.
Let's check it out.
I know this is your first time
really living alone since Mom died.
That's not it. I worry about you.
There are 22 girls in there.
I'm perfectly safe--
That's what I worry about.
You don't think I know what goes on?
Do we have to have this argument again?
I'm over 18. I can live my own life.
Which means drinking, partying
with that roommate of yours.
I'm an adult.
I can take care of myself. Good night.
Lori. Lori. Come--
Lori.
(GIRLS CHATTERING)
Taylor, you awake?
Here you go.
If it is a spirit,
buckshot won't do much good.
Yeah. Rock salt.
Hm.
-Salt being a spirit deterrent.
-Yeah.
It won't kill him,
but it'll slow him down.
That's pretty good.
-You and Dad think of this?
-I told you...
...you don't have to be
a college graduate to be a genius.
(TWIGS SNAPPING)
Over there. Over there.
MAN:
Put the gun down now! Now!
-Put your hands behind your heads.
-Okay, okay!
Get down on your knees.
Come on, do it. On your knees.
Now get down on your bellies.
Come on, do it!
DEAN:
He had the gun.
Oh, my God. Ah!
(SCREAMS)
Saved your ass. Talked the sheriff
down to a fine. Dude, I'm Matlock.
But how?
Told him you were a pledge
and we were hazing you.
-What about the shotgun?
-I said that you were hunting ghosts...
...and that spirits
were repelled by rock salt.
Typical Hell Week prank.
-And he believed you?
-Well, you look like a dumb-ass pledge.
(SIRENS WAILING)
REVEREND:
I just want to take her home.
I understand, Reverend.
But Lori's now connected to
two murders, and I can't ignore that.
Listen to me. Arrest her now...
...or let me take her home.
-Make sure she's available for questions.
-Thank you.
Sweetheart, you're ready to go home.
Okay? Here we go.
Why would the Hook Man come here,
so far from Nine-Mile Road?
Maybe he's not haunting the scene of his
crime. Maybe it's about something else.
Dude, sorority girls.
Think we'll see a naked pillow fight?
DEAN: Sorry.
SAM: Hey. Be quiet.
Me be quiet? You be quiet.
(DOOR CREAKS)
"Aren't you glad you
didn't turn on the light?"
-That's right out of the legend.
-Yeah, that's classic Hook Man, all right.
-And it's definitely a spirit.
-Yeah.
I've never smelled ozone
this strong before.
SAM:
Hey, come here.
Does that look familiar to you?
It's the same symbol.
Seems like it is the spirit
of Jacob Carnes.
Well, let's find the dude's grave, salt
and burn the bones, and put him down.
"After execution, Jacob Carnes was
laid to rest in Old North Cemetery...
...in an unmarked grave."
Super.
Okay, so we know
it's Jacob Carnes...
...but we still don't know
where he'll manifest next or why.
I'll take a wild guess about why.
I think your little friend Lori
has something to do with this.
(DANCE MUSIC PLAYS LOUDLY)
Man, you've been holding out on me.
This college thing is awesome.
This wasn't really my experience.
Oh, let me guess.
Library, studying, straight A's.
What a geek. All right,
did you do your homework?
Yeah. It was bugging me, right?
How is the Hook Man tied up with Lori?
So I think I came up with something.
"1932, Clergyman
Arrested for Murder."
"1967, Seminarian Held
in Hippie Rampage."
A pattern. In both cases,
the suspect was a man of religion...
...who preached against immorality
and found himself wanted for killings...
...he claimed were the work
of an invisible force.
Killings carried out, get this,
with a sharp instrument.
-What's the connection to Lori?
-A man of religion...
...who openly preaches
against immorality?
Except maybe this time instead
of saving the whole town...
-...he's trying to save his only daughter.
-Reverend Sorenson.
-You think he's summoning the spirit?
-Maybe.
Or you know how a poltergeist
can haunt a person instead of a place?
The spirit latches on to the reverend's
repressed emotions, feeds off them.
Without the reverend
ever even knowing it.
Either way, you should keep
an eye on Lori tonight.
What about you?
I'm gonna go see if I can
find that unmarked grave.
(TWIG SNAPS)
Here we go.
(INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE)
That's it. Next time...
...I get to watch the cute girl's house.
Hello, preacher.
I saw you from upstairs.
What are you doing here?
Keeping an eye on the place.
-I was worried.
-About me?
Yeah. Sorry.
Oh, it's cool.
I already called the cops.
No, seriously. I think you're sweet.
Which is probably why you should
run away from me as fast as you can.
Why would you say that?
It's like I'm cursed or something.
People around me keep dying.
I think I know how you feel.
Goodbye, preacher.
No one will talk to me anymore.
Except you.
The sheriff thinks I'm a suspect.
And you know what my dad will say?
"Pray. Have faith."
What does he know about faith?
I heard you guys fighting before.
He's seeing a woman.
A married woman. I just found out.
She comes to our church
with her husband. I know her kids.
And he talks to me about religion?
About morality?
It's like, on one hand, you know,
just do what you want and be happy.
But he taught me,
raised me to believe...
...that if you do something wrong,
you will get punished.
I just don't know
what to think anymore.
-Sam?
-Lori, I can't.
That someone you lost?
I'm sorry.
Lori.
Come inside. Please.
I'll come in when I'm ready.
Unh.
(SCREAMING)
REVEREND:
No! No, please!
Please! No!
No! No, no!
Dad! Dad!
Okay. Okay, Dad, it's okay.
It's okay.
We were just talking.
Then Lori's dad came out...
...and then he appeared.
SHERIFF: A big man. Carrying a weapon,
some kind of a hook.
Yes, sir.
You ever see him before?
No, sir.
Son, seems every time I turn around,
I'm seeing you.
-I suggest you try to stay out of trouble.
-Yes, sir.
COP: Hold on there, son.
-It's all right. I'm with him.
That's my brother. That's--
Hey, brother.
-Let him through.
-Thanks.
Go ahead.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
-What the hell happened?
-Hook Man.
-You saw him?
-Damn right.
-Why didn't you torch the bones?
-What? I did.
-You sure it's the spirit of Jacob Carnes?
-Sure as hell looked like him.
That's not all. I don't think
it's latching on to the reverend.
Well, yeah. The guy wouldn't send
the Hook Man after himself.
I think it's latching on to Lori.
Last night, she found out that her father
is having an affair with a woman.
-So what?
-So she's upset about it.
She's upset about the immorality of it.
She was raised to believe...
...if you do something wrong,
you get punished.
Okay, so she's conflicted.
And the spirit of Carnes is latching
on to her repressed emotions.
-Maybe he's doing the punishing for her?
-Right.
Rich comes on too strong, Taylor
tries to make her into a party girl...
...Dad has an affair.
Remind me not to piss this girl off.
But I burned those bones. I buried them
in salt. Why didn't that stop him?
You must have missed something.
No. I burned everything in that coffin.
Did you get the hook?
The hook?
It was the murder weapon.
And in a way, it was part of him.
So like the bones,
the hook is a source of his power.
So if we find the hook...
BOTH:
...we stop the Hook Man.
Here's something, I think.
Logbook, Iowa State Penitentiary.
"Carnes, Jacob. Personal effects...
-...disposition thereof."
-Does it mention the hook?
Yeah, maybe. "Upon execution,
all earthly items shall be remanded...
...to the Prisoner's House of Worship,
St. Barnabus Church."
-Isn't that where Lori's father preaches?
-Yeah.
Where Lori lives?
Maybe that's why he's been haunting
reverends and reverends' daughters.
If the hook were there, don't you think
someone might have seen it?
I mean, a blood-stained,
silver-handled hook?
Check the church records.
SAM:
"St. Barnabus, donations, 1862.
Received: silver-handled hook
from state penitentiary.
Reforged."
They melted it down.
Made it into something else.
DEAN: We can't take any chances.
Anything silver goes in the fire.
I agree.
Lori's still at the hospital.
We'll have to break in.
All right. Take your pick.
-I'll take the house.
-Okay.
Hey.
Stay out of her underwear drawer.
-I got everything that even looked silver.
-Better safe than sorry.
(FLOORBOARDS CREAKING)
Move. Move.
(LORI CRYING)
Lori.
-What are you doing here?
-What is it?
I've been trying to understand
what's been happening. Why.
Now I know,
so I'm praying for forgiveness.
Forgiveness for what?
Don't you see?
I'm to blame for all this.
I've read in the Bible
about avenging angels.
Trust me. This guy, he's no angel.
I was so angry at my father.
Part of me wanted him punished.
And then he came
and he punished him.
-It's not your fault.
-Yes, it is.
I don't know how, but it is.
I killed Rich. Taylor too.
I nearly killed my father.
Lori.
I can see it now.
They didn't deserve to be punished.
I do.
(RATTLING)
Come on. We gotta go.
SAM:
Ah!
Go!
Go! Come on!
SAM:
No!
Ah!
Come on. You okay?
(SCREAMING)
Sam! Drop!
-I thought we got all the silver.
-So did I.
-Then why is he still here?
-Well, maybe we missed something.
-Lori, where did you get that chain?
-My father gave it to me.
-Where'd your dad get it?
-He said it was a church heirloom.
-Is it silver?
-Yes!
Sam!
And you saw him too?
-The man with the hook.
-Yes, I told you. We all saw him.
-We fought him off, and then he ran.
-And that's all?
Yeah, that's all.
-Listen, you and your brother--
-Oh, don't worry. We're leaving town.
-You gonna be okay?
-Yeah.
I still don't know what happened...
...but I do know you saved my life.
My father's too.
Thank you.
We could stay.